Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Tomorrow.
Bring him to the fields
to work and it'll be okay.
Ah Niu!
Ah Niu. Ah Niu. Ah Niu!
Come with me. come with me!
Go. come. follow me!
You see. all the work you did during
the day is for nothing.
Aunt Yue Ci won't let us say anything.
But she's helping you redo it.
Seedlings have life too.
They can't stay too close
or it will hinder growth.
Just like us humans.
In life. we must respect each other
That way we can live
peacefully and happily.
I'll remember that.
Grandma. lets eat.
Sure.
Grandma.
Yue Ci.
In a couple of days. it'll be time
to pay respects at the cemetery.
Go to the cemetery.
to pay respect to your parents.
Okay.
Grandma told me. in a couple of days
I should go and visit my parents' graves.
Drink some water.
I would like to discuss
something with you.
You're leaving?
I would like to take a trip back.
also to pay respects to my dead parents.
Filial piety is important. you should go.
I'll be coming back again.
You've been here for many years.
I knew that one day you would
eventually leave this place.
Actually I...
These are a change of clothes for
your journey.  Please take it.
I haven't told you my name yet.
You need not tell me.
Where you came from.
or where you're going.
I need not know either.
I'm just need to know you as Ah Niu.
My name is Huo Yuan Jia.
I'll remember it.
1907. Tian Jin
Here's something good to eat.
- Here's something good to eat.
Word of God is trust!
Trust the God and receive eternal life!
Really. really!
His words are all in here!
God's words are here!
Huo Yuan Jia!
Number one in Tian Jin!
Huo Yuan Jia
Came back!
Huo Yuan Jia came back to fight
the arenas again!
Master!
- Uncle Lai Fu.
You're back!
Good. let me carry it for you.
Sorry. I failed in my duties in taking
care of your family assets
Master. I'm sorry.
I'm always thinking of the day
Master returns.
All the things in here.
nothing has been changed.
It's been hard on you.
It's my duty.
Master.
After you left. the creditors came
here everyday for the debts.
All the things in the house.
were taken by them one by one.
In the end. they even wanted the
house to pay off the debt
All of the things in this room
were able to be kept intact.
only because someone
sent us a sum of money.
After much thought.
I believe the only person who
could have done this is
Nong Jing Shun. Master Nong.
I don't need them any more.
I believe my parents also don't wish
to see these things again.
Honorable Father. I was a bad son.
Only now do I realise.
that year on the stage
why you didn't deliver the final blow.
You. are the real number one in Tian Jin.
Honorable Mother.
You taught me moral values in the past.
Your son was too foolish
and didn't understand it back then.
Don't worry.
I will not disappoint you again.
My child.
I didn't take good care of when
you were still alive.
and I even brought such a great
misfortune on you.
I'm not a good father.
Madam. in the past I've wronged
Master Qin.
Today I've come to pay my
respects to Master Qin.
Mum! Mum!
Extra! Extra!
A strong foreigner. O'Brien has swept
the fighting scene in Asia.
With 32 consecutive wins.
25 challengers seriously injured.
He is invincible! He ridiculing the
Chinese as "Sick Man of Asia."
But no one dares to challenge him.
Jing Sun.
I've done you wrong.
There are many things that.
only after they happened.
does one realize that they were wrong.
The wrong pains my heart deeply.
I don't want to mention the past again.
It's over now.
Jing Sun.
It's hard for me to ask.
But you're my only hope.
I need to borrow some money.
Still going to fight in the arena?
Yes.
I don't have such a friend like you.
Why should I lend you the money?
Master.
Boss Huo.
This is a gift from my master.
Who is your master?
He's Nong Jing Sun.
1909. Shanghai Racetrack
Ladies and gentleman.
The person appearing before you today
can single-handedly move a train.
with a single blow. can punch
a hole through the Great Wall of China.
What bullshit!
with his little finger. he can squeeze
a Chinese fighter to death!
Sucker!
- Introducing.
The strongest man we've ever seen.
O'Brien!
The challenger for today.
Huo Yuan Jia from Tian Jin!
Great!
Sign the agreement first.
Tell him.
Fighting to the death
Has always been China's bad practice.
But we have another tradition.
It is making friends through competition.
Nice!
Come on!
Let the competition officially begin!
All right!
Good!
Well done. Master Huo!
With respect.
Thank you.
Great.
"Shanghai Foreign Journalists Club"
Master. someone invited you.
Jing Sun. I didn't expect it to be you.
You still treat me as a friend?
There's no way I can forget you. my friend.
No way.
Come. have a seat. Yuan Jia.
I've prepared your favourite wine.
Come!
What's the matter.
I've quit drinking.
It's been many years now.
You were so fond of drinking in the past.
It is for the sake of righting the wrongs
in my past.
Good.
Then. we'll use tea in place of the wine.
Yuan Jia.
Your fight. has gained back great
self-esteem to our countrymen.
The Westerners have forced us this far.
And there should be a Chinese
to stand up for us.
As a friend.
I'm really happy for you.
Please try some.
Jing Sun.
When are you leaving this time?
Since I've come. I'm not leaving.
What about your restaurant?
I sold it.
Sold it?
The business was very good. wasn't it?
You want to start the Jing Wu School.
How are you going to do it without money?
But the restaurant was all your life's work.
If compared with your goal.
My insignificant restaurant business is nothing.
Yuan Jia.
I'm not a practitioner of martial arts.
I can only contribute this little amount.
To help you on your road to success.
These regulations are according to the content we discussed.
Please check if you're okay with it.
Jing Wu School has three ideals.
Educate the Body. Mind and Morals.
Martial arts is a way to strengthen oneself.
Regardless of different sects or schools.
By exchanging and interacting with
one another to understand the essence.
With a strong body. and a clear mind
Our countrymen can renew and strengthen themselves.
Do not use your fists to harm your countrymen.
Do not abuse martial arts.
Virtue and morality are the basics.
Constantly strive to become stronger!
1910. Official Founding of Jing Wu School.
Ready!
Shanghai Foreign Traders Associate
Yuan Jia.
Among the competitors this time.
There is a Japanese by the name
of Tanaka Yasuno.
He would like to meet you.
I heard that he is one of the best
among all the experts.
We can only learn something if we
spar with the best.
Yuan Jia. this competition organised
by the foreigners.
I don't think it's that simple.
How come they're getting you
to fight four people consecutively
all on your own?
I believe they're trying to use this
opportunity to humiliate us.
To make the Jing Wu School lose
its standing in Shanghai.
Yes.
Not only is it one against four. but I'm also
required to win every single match.
It is definitely unfair.
But in life.
who can guarantee that everything
is going to be fair?
For Jing Wu School.
I have no other option.
But what if.
Jing Sun.
I need to discuss something with you.
What is it?
After this match.
I want you to replace me as president.
Why?
I want to spend some time to go back and
visit Yue Chi and her grandma.
I promised them.
So. from what you said. do you really
not know anything about the art of tea?
It's not that I don't understand. I'm just
unwilling to understand.
I don't want to categorise the tea.
As long as it's tea it'll be fine with me.
But tea also has differences in quality and grade.
What is considered good?
And what is considered bad?
They all grow in nature.
There is no good or bad.
It seems you really don't understand.
Otherwise you'll definitely come to
realise which is good and which is bad.
You're also right.
So from my perspective
The quality of the tea
is not determined from the tea itself.
It is decided by man.
Different people have different choices.
I'm unwilling to make this choice.
Oh. why?
Enjoying tea is simply depends on your mood.
As long as you're in a good mood.
Is the quality of the tea still that important?
Oh. I have never thought of it this way.
From your perspective. there are so many
different schools and factions of martial arts.
Is there really no distinction between superior
and inferior ones?
I think that's the case.
Then. I would like to ask you.
Since there is no distinction of superior or
inferior kinds in martial arts.
Why do we still improve by competing with one another?
I believe that there really is no
such distinction in martial arts.
The difference only lies in the ability of the practitioner.
Through the competition we can
discover
and get to know one's true self.
Because our real opponent
may be still our self.
Only through competition.
can one recognise one's true self.
Is it possible that you mean.
the most significant fight is within oneself?
Your words have gained my sincere respect.
Today we're here to make friends.
through this tea appreciation.
Let's not keep talking and forget about the tea.
Come. appreciate the tea.
Appreciate the tea.
"1910 .Shanghai"
"Theater Biarya. France Constitution"
"Match Venue"
Ladies and gentlemen
The last fight of the day is.
Tanaka Yasuno from Japan
against Huo Yuan Jia from China's Jing Wu School.
What's all this about?
Four against one?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
This is what the Trader's Associate
and the Jing Wu School agreed upon.
You need not be surprised.
You call this a competition?
This is murder.
You worry too much Tanaka-kun.
Huo Yuan Jia has defeated
All the elites from the different countries.
Today's arrangement was also his own wish.
Mita-san.
What is your real objective?
Is this for the pride and honor of Japan?
Or is it simply for your own wager?
To me. what's really important is
the spirit of martial arts.
We compete because we want to win.
Let's begin.
Yuan Jia. my brother.
This competition is very unfair to you.
If you choose another day for the fight
I have no objections.
I understand your good intentions.
But I am already standing in this arena.
There must be a conclusion.
Please!
Start!
Good. very good!
Master is great!
This round ends in a draw.
Let's wait and continue in the next round
with a empty-hand fight.
Both sides please prepare yourselves.
Mita. where have you been?
We're going to lose.
I have arranged everything.
Don't worry gentlemen.
I have it under control.
Yuan Jia!
Stop!
What happened?
What are you doing Tanaka?
Yuan Jia!
Tanaka!
- Go now. go!
Yuan Jia. what's wrong?
What's the matter?
I'm poisoned
- Poisoned?
How did you get poisoned?
What really happened?
What are you doing?
- Water!
Water?
What happen to the water?
The water was poisoned!
They've already taken the evidence away!
Yuan Jia. let's send you to the hospital!
Master. let's go to the hospital!
I've used too much strength.
The poison has already spread throughout
my body. It's too late.
Master. I'll find them and avenge you!
Zhen Sheng!
What you should be talking about
should not be getting revenge.
Hatred will only breed more hatred.
I don't want to see any enmity.
The most important thing is to strengthen yourself.
Yuan Jia.
- Master.
Yuan Jia. let's stop the fight.
I'll bring you to the hospital. let's go.
- Jing Sun!
Jing Sun!
I'm only a brute who knows how to fight.
It took me many years just to realise
what martial arts really is.
and what I can accomplish with martial arts.
This competition is yet to be concluded.
Man are unable choose how their lives begin.
But they must have the courage to walk till their last step.
Master.
Tanaka! What came over you? Hurry up
and finish him with a strong blow!
What do you mean?
You need not ask so much.
I must win this fight! Regardless of what the means are!
Constantly strive to become stronger!
Just watch.
Stop the fight.
Living on is more important than anything else.
Listen.
Living is never a single person's own affair.
If we must fight. I will not hold back.
That would be my honor.
Master.
He lost! Huo Yuan Jia lost!
Go! Go! Faster!
Go. go. make the announcement!
Wait a second!
Huo
Yuan
Jia
Yuan Jia!
Huo Yuan Jia
- Huo Yuan Jia
Master!
Huo Yuan Jia!
- Huo Yuan Jia!
Master!
Tanaka! You useless trash!
Look at what you've done!
I lost.
Who says you've lost? Who saw it?
I understood deep within myself.
I was beaten convincingly.
Who do you think you are?
How can you decide on your own?
Are you fit to be a Japanese?
Bastard!
You're a shame to the Japanese.
Huo Yuan Jia passed away
after he reached the hospital
at the age of 42 years
After his death. his spirit in martial arts
continued to live on.
Even till today. the Jing Wu School
has opened various branches.
over fifty countries and territories
all over the world.
The End.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm